feat: add proxies section (#188)
Basis-Theory/docs: source/includes/api-reference/_proxy.md

# Proxy

## Proxying Requests

> The Basis Theory Proxy provides a simple mechanism to make API calls and securely tokenize sensitive data before it touches your systems or detokenize data to be able to securely share it with 3rd parties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Basis Theory Proxy provides a simple mechanism to facilitate the transfer of sensitive data via HTTP API calls. This Proxy can be configured to sit in front of your API and also between you and a 3rd Party, keeping the sensitive data from touching your systems at all. To learn more, check out our [Proxy Concept](https://developers.basistheory.com/concepts/what-is-the-proxy/).
```

Reviewer: not sure I like this better, just typing what was in my brain. your choice Brandon!

Reviewer: not sure I like this better, just typing what was in my brain. your choice Brandon!

Reviewer 2: ```
The Basis Theory Proxy provides a simple way to facilitate the transfer of sensitive data via HTTP API calls. This Proxy can be configured to sit in front of your API to tokenize or transform an inbound request and also between you and a 3rd Party, keeping the sensitive data from touching your systems. To learn more, check out our [Proxy Concept](https://developers.basistheory.com/concepts/what-is-the-proxy/).
```

Reviewer 2: @armsteadj1 How does that read?

Reviewer: LOVE

**Configuration**

Basis Theory's Proxy provides two ways to configure a request. The first option is to [create a pre-configured Proxy](#proxies-create-a-proxy) and set the `BT-PROXY-KEY` header which will route traffic to the configured `destination_url`.

The alternative is to set the `BT-PROXY-URL` request header. The value of the `BT-PROXY-URL` header defines the base URL to which the request will be proxied. 

The configured proxy URL must use HTTPS with DNS as the host (explicit IP addresses are not allowed). Destinations must use HTTPS >= TLSv1.2.
  
The proxy URL will serve as the base URL for the proxied request. Any path and/or query parameters under `/proxy/**` will be appended to the base URL before forwarding the request.

For example, sending a proxy request to `https://api.basistheory.com/proxy/foo/bar?param=value` and including the header `BT-PROXY-URL=https://example.com/api` will result in the request being forwarded to `https://example.com/api/foo/bar?param=value`.

**Reactors**

> Basis Theory's Proxy supports executing reactors when making requests. When creating a [Proxy](#proxies-create-a-proxy), the `request_reactor_id` property can be set to the ID of an existing [Reactor](#reactors). This reactor will be executed when the request is made allow you to transform the request body and headers.

Reviewer: should we say "Pre-configured" Proxies here? Not sure if we want to Distinguish?

> Basis Theory's Proxy supports executing reactors when making requests. When creating a [Proxy](#proxies-create-a-proxy), the `request_reactor_id` property can be set to the ID of an existing [Reactor](#reactors). This reactor will be executed when the request is made allow you to transform the request body and headers.

Reviewer: should we say "Pre-configured" Proxies here? Not sure if we want to Distinguish?

The reactor will receive a JSON object with the following payload:

<div class="center-column"></div>
```js
{
  args: {
    body, // detokenized request body
    headers //request headers
  }
}
```

The Reactor must respond with the following object:

<div class="center-column"></div>
```js
{
  raw: {
    body,
    headers
  }
}
```

Within the reactor, the headers and body of the request can be changed.

In some situations, you may want to tokenize or detokenize part of the request body. In order to do this, set the `application.id` property when [creating your reactor](#reactors-create-reactor). This will inject a pre-configured Basis Theory JS instance into the request:

<div class="center-column"></div>
```js

> module.exports = async function (req) {

Reviewer: Do we have a table somewhere for all of the options of `req`?

> module.exports = async function (req) {

Reviewer: Do we list somewhere what all of the options are of `req`?
